Replace all references to Nabu Casa Cloud by Home Assistant Cloud (#1228)
home-assistant/companion.home-assistant: docs/troubleshooting/networking.md

## The basics: How the app talks to your Home Assistant
In order for the app to talk to HA, it needs to know its address. Just within your home network you might know that your Home Assistant is on an IP like `192.168.1.4` and listening on port 8123. If you use Home Assistant OS and haven't changed any of the defaults, Home Assistant will also be reachable at [http://homeassistant.local:8123](http://homeassistant.local:8123).
This is all fine and will work perfectly well as long as you never take your phone or tablet outside your home, but what if you do?

> The easiest way is to subscribe to Home Assistant Cloud for a monthly [fee](https://www.nabucasa.com/pricing/). This fee helps support further development of Home Assistant. Home Assistant Cloud acts as a "smart" proxy on the internet, tunnelling your frontend in an encrypted manner from your home to your phone, regardless where you are and without requiring opening your home network to inbound traffic from the internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way is to [subscribe to Home Assistant Cloud](https://support.nabucasa.com/hc/en-us/articles/25649130769949) for a monthly [fee](https://www.nabucasa.com/pricing/). This fee helps support further development of Home Assistant. Home Assistant Cloud acts as a "smart" proxy on the internet, tunnelling your frontend in an encrypted manner from your home to your phone, regardless of where you are and without requiring opening your home network to inbound traffic from the internet.

```

> If you don't want to use Home Assistant Cloud (which is fine, but you should still subscribe and enjoy the warm feeling of supporting Home Assistant), you need HA to be accessible from the internet. This requires opening a port on your router and getting a name for your Home Assistant on the internet. While it is possible to have your HA use Port 8123 internally and have your router do a port-forwarding from say the default https port of 443 to 8123, we recommend you NOT do this for reasons of simplicity which we will explain later. You also need a name for your Home Assistant as homeassistant.local is a private domain suffix that does not exist on the internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't want to use Home Assistant Cloud (which is fine, but you should still subscribe and enjoy the warm feeling of supporting Home Assistant), you need Home Assistant to be accessible from the internet. This requires opening a port on your router and getting a name for your Home Assistant on the internet. While it is possible to have your Home Assistant use Port 8123 internally and have your router do a port-forwarding from, say, the default HTTPS port of 443 to 8123, we recommend you NOT do this for reasons of simplicity, which will be explained later. You also need a name for your Home Assistant as `homeassistant.local` is a private domain suffix that does not exist on the internet.

```
